# Giving

When it comes to career trajectory there are many ways to excel exponentially. However, one method seems to stand out boldly when compared to others; giving help without expecting anything in return. Now I am not exactly saying don't expect anything back in return, because in a matter of time, you surely will be rewarded, rather I am saying don't expect anything from the person you have helped. I remember when I first stumbled upon this principle, I would donate small amounts of my gift money to the local charity at my place of worship, and soon enough my college has been fully funded meaning I don't pay a dime out of my own pocket. Now, of course, most rewards don't come immediately all of a sudden, they take time. But when you put good out in the world, good stuff tends to come back to you. In high school, I started the computer science club to spread computer science awareness across my campus (since I went to a relatively small school) and I would teach all the knowledge I knew about software and I loved every second of it. I realized that when I taught people the knowledge that I was curious about myself, it was the best feeling I have ever had in my life, (although I haven't lived long enough to understand what it's like to have kids lol). But, I recently came to realize the opposite was not so true. I was tasked to help my younger brother with the spelling bee but after the third word, I couldn't find the same satisfaction I woudl normally feel. And then it hit me (well not literally but yk, ya get the point), when I was younger, I was the first person to walk up to the stage and say my word for the spelling bee, in which the bell rang on me because I incorrectly spelled the word 'cheddar' as 'chedder'. I know, but that lost of confidence kind of closed the doors for me in pursuing correct word spelling which I am not sure if it's a good or bad thing. But regardless, if you give/help people learn about the things you are naturally interested in yourself, then once you stop giving, your life will start to feel miserable. So, always keep giving because that fulfillment is something that no currency can replace.
